Hi John, it's Kate O'Connor here, obviously, I guess. It's not 1998 anymore, I guess I don't have to say that. So I'm still thinking about you and your proposal and I just wanted to send you an update on where I'm at. So I have been working on other things in my business but basically I do want to move forward with developing the app. I have a setback which is like it was perfect and then during the last big open AI like chat GPT update it totally got fucked up and so I've just been like avoiding going in and fucking around and fixing it because it feels so heavy but I just need to actually sit down and do that and it probably won't even take that long it'll take like a day. So I need to do that and then once I get it back to where I want it I would love for you to test it out and experience it because it's really amazing. It's like directed towards women but I just need to make a change to say for people to say their gender and their pronouns and then I would love to get on a call with you and do like a proper intake and give you all the information you need. So I have a whole bunch of questions but I don't know what I don't know so I probably will have even more questions like yeah I want to move away from open AI just like for ethical reasons. I'm trying to switch over to Claude or like my plan is to do that with all of my own personal business stuff Claude I don't know how people say it but yeah I want to know if we can do this without using chat GPT open AI. Is that the name of the company? And then I also would like to know yeah like what do I need to know? Do I need something that I can update and go in and fix and it's easy or will there be like ongoing service from you and your bots to like help me when I need things and then yeah I need to think about like how I want to price it and having it as an app in the App Store versus just like a login page on my website because the good thing about having it in the App Store would be like people could just buy like manage their own subscriptions type thing. So I still have lots of questions and like figuring out to do. In terms of the price you quoted $1,500 which I think is like so so so so so so reasonable and as I said I like just was planning on doing this alone so I have no budget for it but I want to pay that so because I just think like that's fair. So I was going to propose to you what if I pay like $500 up front and then some sort of arrangement slash payment plan like if I make a thousand bucks off of it as soon as I do that I can like pay that to you or like pay you the rest within six months like whichever happens first. So that's my proposal and the beginning of my million questions and my thoughts. I'd love to know what you think, take your time and yeah like we can get on another call and if you want and we'll we can go from there. Okay talk to you soon bye.
